docs: Search Metadata Batch 04 (#14596)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/gateways/terminating-gateway.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Terminating Gateway | Service Mesh
description: >-

> Terminating gateways send requests from inside the service mesh to external network locations, including upstream sources. Learn about requirements and terminating gateway interactions with Consul's service catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terminating gateways send requests from inside the service mesh to external network locations and services. Learn about requirements and terminating gateway interactions with Consul's service catalog.
```

Reviewer 2: Building on Luke's
```suggestion
Terminating gateways send requests from inside the service mesh to external network locations and services outside the mesh. Learn about requirements and terminating gateway interactions with Consul's service catalog.
```
